widget: Extend config to filter chains & tokens (#428)
velocitylabs-org/turtle: widget/README.md

> ⚠️ Note: The Turtle Widget bundles its own Tailwind CSS, but it's not sandboxed. Global styles from your app (e.g., `.your-wrapper p { ... }`) may still affect it. This allows for advanced customization, but be cautious with _aggressive_ global CSS.

## ⛓️ Chain and Token Configuration

> You can also customize the Chains and Tokens you want to show in your widget instance – it works by passing the variable registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also customize the Chains and Tokens you want to show in your widget instance – it works by passing the `registry` configuration. It defaults to using all chains & tokens supported by the [Turtle App](app.turtle.cool) otherwise.
```

> ```
> registry = {
>   chains: [],
>   tokens: []
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For example:

\```
const registry = {
  chains: ['polkadot', 'hydration'],
  tokens: ['dot', 'usdc', 'usdt'],
}
\```
```

(We have to drop the '\')

to the `<Widget />` component. If left empty, all the chains will be shown by default – they are optional properties.

These are the values available for the chains

#### Chains ids

```
ethereum // Ethereum
polkadot-assethub // Asset Hub
polkadot // Relay Chain
polkadot-bridgehub // BridgeHub
bifrost // Bifrost
hydration // Hydration
phala // Phala
moonbeam // Moonbeam
interlay // Interlay
acala // Acala
polimec // Polimec
centrifuge // Centrifuge
astar // Astar
mythos // Mythos
```

#### Tokens ids

```
eth // Ethereum
usdc.e // USD Coin (bridged)

> dai.e // DAI (bridged)

Reviewer: It would be nice to offer a very simple page that dynamically displays these ids instead of having us manually copy-paste them here. For example, it could be accessible at `registry.turtle.cool` and basically be a json prettified version of the registry or so. Let's add that to the backlog.

Author: Like a small dashboard with our registry visualised? That would be cool – maybe there's something similar already existing in the Analytics?
